1000cupcakes|aaccf|adams|0|Computer Science|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
11Echo|aalders|allen|1|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
123marine2|aaren|allison|2|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
1panda80|aarika|alvarez|3|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
21texans|aaron|anderson|4|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
3DS_Triforce|aartjan|andrews|5|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
3rdbaseman4|aasen|armstrong|6|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
459pm|ab|arnold|7|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
4everfuzzy|abacus|avila|8|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
4lphax|abadines|bailey|9|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
4sordy|abagael|baker|10|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
77chainblade|abagail|barnes|11|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
99milzman|abahri|bennett|12|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Aaron_Rainthief|abasolo|bishop|13|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
ABQiu|abazari|boyd|14|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
absthatsme|abba|bradley|15|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
abysmus|abbai|brooks|16|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
abzilla|abbas|brown|17|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
acidsin|abbatant|bryan|18|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
acraftybugger|abbate|burke|19|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
adambuss|abbe|burton|20|Software Engineering|Senior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
adampoconnor|abbey|butler|21|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
adamzetti|abbi|campbell|22|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
adolia|abbie|carlson|23|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Adriedupleaf|abbot|carr|24|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Aerinyes|abbott|carter|25|Computer Science|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
aetherandnether|abby|chase|26|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
AFRICA|abbye|chen|27|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
aidanrocks25|abdalla|christensen|28|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
ailbhlaffe|abdallah|clark|29|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
Ainieve|abdel|collins|30|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Akathepriest|abdel-az|comer|31|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Alec97531|abdel-ma|cook|32|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
alecf731|abdel-ra|cooper|33|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
alexryanb|abdel-sa|cox|34|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
alexthecoolmac|abdelazi|crawford|35|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Alizatina|abdelmad|cunningham|36|Software Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Allyvand1497|abdelrah|davis|37|Software Engineering|Senior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
alphaelf|abdelran|day|38|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Amortik1996|abdelsal|dean|39|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
Anactofgod|abderrao|dickinson|40|Software Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
andrewf731|abderraz|edwards|41|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Andy586|abdi|elliott|42|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
AndyWestside|abdo|ellis|43|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
angrysquirlz|abdollah|evans|44|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Anhysbys|abdolrah|fischer|45|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Anthony423|abdou|fisher|46|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
antz666|abdrani|fong|47|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
aperry1993|abdul|ford|48|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
ApocalyqseNow|abdul-az|freeman|49|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Aqua2iK|abdul-ma|frost|50|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
aqwshalew3|abdul-no|garcia|51|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
ArinaChan23|abdul-ra|gardner|52|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Armydude101|abdul-sa|gomes|53|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
Artemis315|abdulazi|gomez|54|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Artemis_En|abdulla|gonzales|55|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
articuno96|abdullah|graham|56|Software Engineering|Junior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
asbo96|abdulmad|green|57|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Ashmen|abdulrah|griffin|58|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
asmith307|abdulran|hall|59|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
aTbagger|abdulsal|hamilton|60|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
atlanta0|abdur|hansen|61|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
atyl95|abe|hanson|62|Software Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
AustinSpiers|abedi|harris|63|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
Avengeline|abel|harrison|64|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Awdie|abelard|hartman|65|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
AwesomeDude728|abell|harvey|66|Software Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
AwesomeGuy900|abella|hayes|67|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
awesomeguy911|abellera|henderson|68|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Awsomr00|abello|henry|69|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
ayrtonchin|abelow|hernandez|70|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Azasimus|abernath|hill|71|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
azureheights|aberneth|holmes|72|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
B1GBADW0IF|abeu|howard|73|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
b777all|abey|hughes|74|Software Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
babyface0519|abhay|hunt|75|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
bailout00|abhijit|jackson|76|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
baller111|abi-aad|jensen|77|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Banaynay|abid|johnson|78|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bandrew97|abie|jones|79|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Barbaric_Emu|abigael|keller|80|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
basstardee|abigail|kelley|81|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Batyote|abigale|kennedy|82|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Bball_Star|abike|king|83|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bbrooks066|abner|lane|84|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Belaneth|abou-arr|long|85|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Ben952|abou-ezz|lopez|86|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Benben582|aboul-ma|marsh|87|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
Benn_Benn|aboussou|martinez|88|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
benpowell987|abovyan|mathews|89|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bevo00|abra|matthews|90|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bgeaman|abraham|mcdonald|91|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Bigalow40|abrahan|miller|92|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BigGojira|abrahim|mitchell|93|Computer Science|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
BigKid_Icarus|abram|moore|94|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
BigLlama|abramo|morgan|95|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
BigMucho|abrams|morris|96|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Bigtimewinner|abran|nelson|97|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
BIG_Quakez|abrar|newton|98|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
birdman15|absi|obrien|99|Computer Science|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
birdy9|abu|oconnor|100|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bizznchriz|abul|olsen|101|Computer Science|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
Bkettell|access|palmer|102|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
bkwopper|accounti|parker|103|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
blackdust79|acelvari|patterson|104|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
blackfire9z|achal|peck|105|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
blackhawk77g|achamma|perkins|106|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
blackouTT|acharyya|perry|107|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
blackstorm58|achcar|peterson|108|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
blake11120|achille|phillips|109|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
BlastedFool|achkar|powell|110|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
blazindonuts824|achmad|price|111|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BleakBear|ackaouy|randolph|112|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bleh337|acker|reed|113|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Blimm|acklin|rice|114|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Blitzfitz|ackwood|richardson|115|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
BlockedShots|acree|rivera|116|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Bloodlest|acres|rivers|117|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Bloodnight|acs|roberts|118|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
Bloodtyl|action|robinson|119|Computer Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
blurrdew|actionte|rodrigues|120|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
bluzekluze|acton|rodriguez|121|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bmanpyro|aczel|rogers|122|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
BMXBikes58|ad|romero|123|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
bob20163|ada|ruis|124|Software Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bob6199|adah|sanders|125|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bobbshields|adahm|santos|126|Electrical Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Boborito71|adair|shaw|127|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
booglee322|adal|short|128|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bookboy123|adaline|silva|129|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
bootgamer5|adam|simpson|130|Computer Science|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
boriater|adamczyk|smith|131|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
Boss_Pro|adamkows|snyder|132|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
bowledd|adamo|spafford|133|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
boxofspiderss|adamowic|spencer|134|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BoxPuncher|adams|springer|135|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
brampel|adamski|stafford|136|Software Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
brancher|adamson|stewart|137|Software Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
brandt2846|adamyk|stone|138|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
Braxis|adan|sullivan|139|Software Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
BrianOwennn|adara|taylor|140|Electrical Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
BRISKET|adcock|thompson|141|Computer Science|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
broadsword123|adcox|turner|142|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
brobot222|adda|walker|143|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
BroncoBuster25|addetia|wallace|144|Electrical Engineering|Junior|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BrookesGirl|addi|walton|145|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
brycecameron|addia|ward|146|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BrylieGirl|addie|warner|147|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering II|spring|01|309|Computer Science
bsams5|addison|watson|148|Computer Science|Senior|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
BTechnique|addona|weber|149|Computer Engineering|Senior|Software Engineering I|spring|02|309|Computer Science
BTT8|addons|wells|150|Computer Engineering|Freshman|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
bubabang12|addy|white|151|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Intro To Databases|spring|02|365|Computer Science
budro1111|ade|williams|152|Computer Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|01|308|Computer Science
BugsyH|adebayo|wong|153|Electrical Engineering|Sophmore|Software Engineering I|spring|02|308|Computer Science
